content/posts/20190219.md, before:

+++
title =  "Commute Tuesday February 19, 2019"
date = 2019-02-19T17:00:00-04:00
noindex = false
tags = ["commute"]
featured_image = "https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KVlPqLt-IzZwWM6g_IovuzIrhYiuoLdKpT5m9eS7Hh7kuQQe525whb1gvz5hhmAc03wx5tKeLwlEqcxQ8Iwd8aWkSelwhJ11BcLKWr9PxGpQywbtRW31EDBg7eXvXMCPQpUE2_t2cC4=w2400"
description = "Wind my friend"
images = ["https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KVlPqLt-IzZwWM6g_IovuzIrhYiuoLdKpT5m9eS7Hh7kuQQe525whb1gvz5hhmAc03wx5tKeLwlEqcxQ8Iwd8aWkSelwhJ11BcLKWr9PxGpQywbtRW31EDBg7eXvXMCPQpUE2_t2cC4=w2400"]
+++

The low temperature on the PM commute (41℉) was cooler than the AM commute (44℉). The wind was kicking all day. Headwind on the AM ride and a tailwind on the way home. Difference of 14 minutes. Always happy with a sub 50 minute commute. 1:02:53 vs 49:04 moving time.

Ride on. ☮

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2159800384/embed/9121a2334dc4ce2d5dc0a3da18f41e1750f39f6a'></iframe>

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2161248906/embed/409417ad0a9c1d14ff338bb559dba6aa0b27ecc3'></iframe>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0" data-card-key="f1631a41cb254ca5b035dc5747a5bd75"><h4><a href="https://www.relive.cc/view/2159800384?r=embed-site">Relive 'Commute AM'</a></h4></blockquote>
        <script async src="https://cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0" data-card-key="f1631a41cb254ca5b035dc5747a5bd75"><h4><a href="https://www.relive.cc/view/2161248906?r=embed-site">Relive 'Commute PM'</a></h4></blockquote>
        <script async src="https://cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

Commit message:

Commit from skull-nexton at Tue Feb 19 21:24:43 EST 2019

content/posts/20190219.md, after:

+++
title =  "Commute Tuesday February 19, 2019"
date = 2019-02-19T17:00:00-04:00
noindex = false
tags = ["commute"]
featured_image = "https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KVlPqLt-IzZwWM6g_IovuzIrhYiuoLdKpT5m9eS7Hh7kuQQe525whb1gvz5hhmAc03wx5tKeLwlEqcxQ8Iwd8aWkSelwhJ11BcLKWr9PxGpQywbtRW31EDBg7eXvXMCPQpUE2_t2cC4=w2400"
description = "Wind my friend"
images = ["https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/KVlPqLt-IzZwWM6g_IovuzIrhYiuoLdKpT5m9eS7Hh7kuQQe525whb1gvz5hhmAc03wx5tKeLwlEqcxQ8Iwd8aWkSelwhJ11BcLKWr9PxGpQywbtRW31EDBg7eXvXMCPQpUE2_t2cC4=w2400"]
+++

The low temperature on the PM commute (41℉) was cooler than the AM commute (44℉). The wind was kicking all day. Headwind on the AM ride and a tailwind on the way home. Difference of 14 minutes. Always happy with a sub 50 minute commute. 1:02:53 vs 49:04 moving time.

Became a <a href='https://www.greenway.org/'>East Coast Greenway Alliance</a> member today. I would love to cycle from Charleston to Beaufort safely one day. 🤞

Ride on. ☮

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2159800384/embed/9121a2334dc4ce2d5dc0a3da18f41e1750f39f6a'></iframe>

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2161248906/embed/409417ad0a9c1d14ff338bb559dba6aa0b27ecc3'></iframe>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0" data-card-key="f1631a41cb254ca5b035dc5747a5bd75"><h4><a href="https://www.relive.cc/view/2159800384?r=embed-site">Relive 'Commute AM'</a></h4></blockquote>
        <script async src="https://cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-controls="0" data-card-key="f1631a41cb254ca5b035dc5747a5bd75"><h4><a href="https://www.relive.cc/view/2161248906?r=embed-site">Relive 'Commute PM'</a></h4></blockquote>
        <script async src="https://cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>
