content/posts/20191117.md, before:

+++
title =  "Mepkin Abbey"
date = 2019-11-17T12:00:00-04:00
noindex = false
tags = []
featured_image = "https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ujGy0ddIvBZ4c0y7ff3qv_j9izhuFyzY0l4POh9jbg2uIpISWk0UOKyDCu5220kwe4Sv9h94lf-AeV7lsqAl7wylEmM16mG_dGOLQBLu3pEJoE4mr9k_cl4pMcOp2DnC5ICDU3mhRds=w2400"
description = "Headwind buzz kill"
images = ["https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ujGy0ddIvBZ4c0y7ff3qv_j9izhuFyzY0l4POh9jbg2uIpISWk0UOKyDCu5220kwe4Sv9h94lf-AeV7lsqAl7wylEmM16mG_dGOLQBLu3pEJoE4mr9k_cl4pMcOp2DnC5ICDU3mhRds=w2400"]
+++

Toyed with riding a century today but once I hit the headwinds I nixed that thought. Rode to the beautiful [Mepkin Abbey](https://mepkinabbey.org/) instead. Probably should have waited a couple of hours because the sun came out on my way home. Sunshine, I've missed you. Don't be a stranger.  

Ride on. ☮

<h3>Mepkin Abbey</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WzR2e2FxYzsNdQ9VSSWeZ0hQ15qGtQtGnRZ-o78Ii7P_ymNxce7_PVyW93vxefS5PIDOy-Ib287YplaUR8b3SvLey9nWGqBQA5H7vgoIUK3S2IaXJL5epVHBMevnW_mKo8OF-m6S0F8=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WzR2e2FxYzsNdQ9VSSWeZ0hQ15qGtQtGnRZ-o78Ii7P_ymNxce7_PVyW93vxefS5PIDOy-Ib287YplaUR8b3SvLey9nWGqBQA5H7vgoIUK3S2IaXJL5epVHBMevnW_mKo8OF-m6S0F8=w2400'></a>

<h3>Mepkin Abbey</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Qmkni3T-pR4Qgf0aUXFrQFGGVC0_0zFr2lRZZlL_qpifm4t9rrPRNnbB7j969e9EqcFweMODfkvSmyKFJ9w7n5VgzkEdSBqW3EfX49E_VrrFBmDlMVfttZI1pZK8WAhdTpxkzgg-_b8=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Qmkni3T-pR4Qgf0aUXFrQFGGVC0_0zFr2lRZZlL_qpifm4t9rrPRNnbB7j969e9EqcFweMODfkvSmyKFJ9w7n5VgzkEdSBqW3EfX49E_VrrFBmDlMVfttZI1pZK8WAhdTpxkzgg-_b8=w2400'></a>

<h3>Cooper River near Childsbury Towne Heritage Preserve</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3Qy6wTurBtsRwcKlvpjIwfXEfavu7UJ7p5voZiBI88-3KxW5YROfUyDIcb20WFFdKwK73ZurHW46Y8nPxR0etyYmQtImc3SFLJqZ_euM6vbr-WESfd_IS5i6RqqH-cSQH3wj3QZWTWQ=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3Qy6wTurBtsRwcKlvpjIwfXEfavu7UJ7p5voZiBI88-3KxW5YROfUyDIcb20WFFdKwK73ZurHW46Y8nPxR0etyYmQtImc3SFLJqZ_euM6vbr-WESfd_IS5i6RqqH-cSQH3wj3QZWTWQ=w2400'></a>

<h3>Tailrace Canal</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QGOuik66yqMeQKn-SzlYrH4MRi6DA7EXiujBk2RRe3ezVpBuLOTm-mb7We_zKi42KH7qGRrwoIO0B_cvmynl6CYxvO5fabGvMeEbyj0IQLNUp3cR4ZdwddDGJuS8I-y_j7IG0lzDvzs=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QGOuik66yqMeQKn-SzlYrH4MRi6DA7EXiujBk2RRe3ezVpBuLOTm-mb7We_zKi42KH7qGRrwoIO0B_cvmynl6CYxvO5fabGvMeEbyj0IQLNUp3cR4ZdwddDGJuS8I-y_j7IG0lzDvzs=w2400'></a>

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2872269738/embed/0added20a48127aa93aad45541f81cfeb32ae234'></iframe>

Commit message:

Commit from skull-nexton at Sun Nov 17 15:30:22 EST 2019

content/posts/20191117.md, after:

+++
title =  "Mepkin Abbey"
date = 2019-11-17T12:00:00-04:00
noindex = false
tags = []
featured_image = "https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ujGy0ddIvBZ4c0y7ff3qv_j9izhuFyzY0l4POh9jbg2uIpISWk0UOKyDCu5220kwe4Sv9h94lf-AeV7lsqAl7wylEmM16mG_dGOLQBLu3pEJoE4mr9k_cl4pMcOp2DnC5ICDU3mhRds=w2400"
description = "Headwind buzz kill"
images = ["https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/ujGy0ddIvBZ4c0y7ff3qv_j9izhuFyzY0l4POh9jbg2uIpISWk0UOKyDCu5220kwe4Sv9h94lf-AeV7lsqAl7wylEmM16mG_dGOLQBLu3pEJoE4mr9k_cl4pMcOp2DnC5ICDU3mhRds=w2400"]
+++

Toyed with riding a century today but once I hit the headwinds I nixed that thought. Rode to the beautiful [Mepkin Abbey](https://mepkinabbey.org/) instead. Probably should have waited a couple of hours because the sun came out on my way home. Sunshine, I've missed you. Don't be a stranger.  

My wrist is still hurting from the [Lake Murray Century ride](https://pla.bike/posts/20191109/). ☹

Ride on. ☮

<h3>Mepkin Abbey</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WzR2e2FxYzsNdQ9VSSWeZ0hQ15qGtQtGnRZ-o78Ii7P_ymNxce7_PVyW93vxefS5PIDOy-Ib287YplaUR8b3SvLey9nWGqBQA5H7vgoIUK3S2IaXJL5epVHBMevnW_mKo8OF-m6S0F8=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/WzR2e2FxYzsNdQ9VSSWeZ0hQ15qGtQtGnRZ-o78Ii7P_ymNxce7_PVyW93vxefS5PIDOy-Ib287YplaUR8b3SvLey9nWGqBQA5H7vgoIUK3S2IaXJL5epVHBMevnW_mKo8OF-m6S0F8=w2400'></a>

<h3>Mepkin Abbey</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Qmkni3T-pR4Qgf0aUXFrQFGGVC0_0zFr2lRZZlL_qpifm4t9rrPRNnbB7j969e9EqcFweMODfkvSmyKFJ9w7n5VgzkEdSBqW3EfX49E_VrrFBmDlMVfttZI1pZK8WAhdTpxkzgg-_b8=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Qmkni3T-pR4Qgf0aUXFrQFGGVC0_0zFr2lRZZlL_qpifm4t9rrPRNnbB7j969e9EqcFweMODfkvSmyKFJ9w7n5VgzkEdSBqW3EfX49E_VrrFBmDlMVfttZI1pZK8WAhdTpxkzgg-_b8=w2400'></a>

<h3>Cooper River near Childsbury Towne Heritage Preserve</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3Qy6wTurBtsRwcKlvpjIwfXEfavu7UJ7p5voZiBI88-3KxW5YROfUyDIcb20WFFdKwK73ZurHW46Y8nPxR0etyYmQtImc3SFLJqZ_euM6vbr-WESfd_IS5i6RqqH-cSQH3wj3QZWTWQ=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/3Qy6wTurBtsRwcKlvpjIwfXEfavu7UJ7p5voZiBI88-3KxW5YROfUyDIcb20WFFdKwK73ZurHW46Y8nPxR0etyYmQtImc3SFLJqZ_euM6vbr-WESfd_IS5i6RqqH-cSQH3wj3QZWTWQ=w2400'></a>

<h3>Tailrace Canal</h3>
<a href='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QGOuik66yqMeQKn-SzlYrH4MRi6DA7EXiujBk2RRe3ezVpBuLOTm-mb7We_zKi42KH7qGRrwoIO0B_cvmynl6CYxvO5fabGvMeEbyj0IQLNUp3cR4ZdwddDGJuS8I-y_j7IG0lzDvzs=w2400'><img src='https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/QGOuik66yqMeQKn-SzlYrH4MRi6DA7EXiujBk2RRe3ezVpBuLOTm-mb7We_zKi42KH7qGRrwoIO0B_cvmynl6CYxvO5fabGvMeEbyj0IQLNUp3cR4ZdwddDGJuS8I-y_j7IG0lzDvzs=w2400'></a>

<iframe height='405' width='590' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true' scrolling='no' src='https://www.strava.com/activities/2872269738/embed/0added20a48127aa93aad45541f81cfeb32ae234'></iframe>
